Added all upgrade docs (#4925)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/upgrades/version-specific-upgrades/README.md

> # Version Specific Upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Version-Specific Upgrades
```

> This article provides an overview of any version specific steps that might be necessary when upgrading your Umbraco Cloud project to a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article provides an overview of any version-specific steps that might be necessary when upgrading your Umbraco Cloud project to a new version.
```

> As there might also be version specific notes for the specific products involvedin the upgrade it is recommend to give those a look as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As there might also be version-specific notes for the specific products involved in the upgrade it is recommend giving those a look as well.
```
